ICFP 2021 Video\
**Our Favorite Things**\
Background

This video was a collaborabration between Youyou Cong and John Leo,
with the help of many other people, listed in the
[credits](Credits.md). We worked together on the [ICFP
2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fte5wwnwCws) video, and Youyou
suggested doing something new for ICFP 2021. The initial idea was to
do another song parody as in the previous video and the two for [PLDI
2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hVMCl64Uhe8) and [PLDI
2021](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77999Td20TM). However the great
[POPL 2022](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=707tBQ07I-A) video
inspired us to create something different with a plot. We had already
considered a
[micro-opera](https://github.com/halfaya/icfp2020/tree/master/opera)
for the 2020 video, and the story of this one connects both to that
and the POPL video.

We used the original song were were planning to write a parody to, *My
Favorite Things* from *The Sound of Music*. In addition, since the
conference was originally to be in Korea, we incorporated some
traditional Korean percussion. John had performed in the Music of
Korea ensemble while a grad student at UCLA, so we incorporated the
rhythm of a brief section of the
[samulnori](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samul_nori) work *Buksori
II* by Dong Suk Kim, which John had performed (on buk) under the
direction of the composer.

(More to follow.)

